## Deploy to production
Migrate solution into production with high frequency and low risk. Test it before releasing to users

* Considerations
  * Dark launches - Separate deployment from release, don't sync with others, de-couple
  * Feature Toggles - enables dark launches, rapid rollback, tested both on and off, need to manage (retire) relentlessly
  * Infrastructure as Code - version controlled automatic tear up and tear down, infra always in a releasable state, 
  need to manage secrets
  * Deployment automation - reduce cognitive load, one-click deployments
  * Self-service deployment - enables anyone in team to do a deployment. Lower the barrier to deployments by enabling 
  team. No need for hand-offs. Teams have less access to production than before because it's controlled by abstractions. 
  Fully traceable, auditable and emits compliance events
  * Selective deployment - deploy to selective regions and get feedback along the way 

## Verify the solution
Ensure the solution functions as expected in production before its released to end users

* Considerations
  * Production testing - use feature toggles that can turn on for a specific test user, no new tests, tests should have 
  already been used in UAT or pre-prod
    * Test automation - Synthetic testing, PVT
    * Test data management - you can automate how you clean up data or have test data hang off a test user that the business ignores
    * Nonfunctional requirements - prove with non-functional tests off-peak or in select region etc...

## Monitor for problems
Ensure that the solution is observable in production before it is released to end users

* Considerations
  * Full-stack telemetry - goal is faster MTTR: service level objectives (SLOs), Business events, Fullstack log aggregation for a single end user request
  * Visual dashboards - make accessible to everyone in team/company e.g. SLOs, Time since last outage; page response times;
  usage analytics resource/compute utilisation
  * Federated monitoring - information radiators to help aggregation data from all different systems in a single point 
  of view. e.g. DataDog -> kubernetes cluster
  * Artificial intelligence for IT Operations (AIOps) - look for patterns or red flags quicker: look for unusual 
  behaviour; separate out noise; solves the complexity of the 'monitor everything' strategy
  
## Respond and recover
Ensure that issues can quickly be detected and fixed in production before solution released to end users

* Considerations
  * Chaos engineering - create failures in production to test resiliency. At least this way we can recover faster but 
  get learnings before they become failures that our end users experience
  * Proactive detection - separate deployment from release, practice DR, allow systems to run failure simulations as 
  part of design to more easily simulate failures
  * Cross-team collaboration - responding to failures is a cross-functional activity.
  Teams should be able to support their own code in production; Use blameless postmortems, make local learnings global
  * Session replay - record events and replay on demand to simulate failures (in other environments) or provide automatic 
  retry in production. Have to architect for this, careful attention to data security, privacy and retention policies 
  * Rollback and fix forward - Focus on lowering MTTR. Ability to quickly recover from failure for quickly fix. Favour 
  fix forward (requires more maturity)
  * Immutable infrastructure - everything goes through the pipeline; minimise configuration drift between environments; 
  deployment does not represent first time changes are tested. Prohibits changes directly made on production 
  * Version control