## Release on demand
Make the solution available to end users all at once or incrementally

* Considerations
  * Canary releases - Detect issues before widespread damage. Release to subset of users/regions
  * Feature toggles
  * Decouple release elements
  * Dark launches

## Stabilise the solution
* Assure sustainably high levels of business continuity, application service levels and data protection
* Stability of production reflects quality of production. Changes should always act to strengthen not weaken
  * address technical debt
  * NFRs as acceptance criteria
  * Build enablers

* Considerations
  * Site reliability engineering (SRE) - System stability is shared between Dev and Ops, T shaped dedicated engineers, 
  approach operational activities as software concern, closely manage service level indicators (SLIs) and service level 
  objectives (SLOs)
  * Failover/disaster recovery - DR is planned, architected and practical. Plan for Chaos monkey and simian army outages
  e.g. active/active, active/passive, replication, Business continuity plans (BCP), managed service level agreements (SLAs)
  * Continuous security monitoring - do security testing in production. Detect stuff... e.g. good for old 3rd party deps that 
  are now vulnerable and detecting bad or suspicious behaviour
  * Architect for operations
  * Nonfunctional requirements

## Measure the business value
* Collect feedback from production to determine the solutions actual business value
* Use quantitative feedback (telemetry) and qualitative information (feedback from stakeholders, users) to tell a story
* Measure leading and lagging indicators
* Like a report card step :) - use a dashboard

* Considerations
  * Innovation Accounting - test MVP with data collected from production
  * Evaluate the hypothesis

## Learn and react
* Apply knowledge gained to make decisions about how to improve the flow of value to customers
* Essentially the work that comes after testing a hypothesis. Pivot, drop or persevere
* Just because we built it doesn't mean we should keep it. Make the right decision for the organisation
* Push this into I&A

* Considerations
  * Lean startup
  * Relentless improvement - I&A events, root cause analysis, blameless post-mortems 
  * Value stream mapping - Not SAFe value stream but pipeline steps. Do this often or at least yearly to test for 
  bottlenecks to solve. Visualise this with your teams work board i.e. Trello, Jira, ADO 